about/for-proposals: Add RSE section (#242)
AaltoSciComp/scicomp-docs: about/for-proposals.rst

firewalled to university networks.

Research software engineering services
--------------------------------------

(this text must especially be tuned to your grant)

This grant will make use of the Aalto Research Software Engineer
program to hire high-quality TOPIC specialists.  This program provides
PhD-level specialists to work on THINGS, which allows the other staff
on this project to focus on YYY.  These staff do not need to be
independently recruited, are available for consultation before and

> answer the project.  This service is provided by Aalto Scientific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after the project.  This service is provided by Aalto Scientific
```

Computing, which also provides high-performance computing resources for our project.
The Research Software Engineering service is integrated into computing
services as a consistent package.

(for basic service, for now only SCI) The service is available as a
basic consulting service for free.

(for paid services) This project receives dedicated service from the
Research Software Engineering group, funded as researcher salary from

> this grant.  During this period, on of Aalto research software engineers joins this

Author: ```suggestion
this grant.  During this period, one of the Aalto research software engineers joins this
```
